# Pandas PyCity_Schools
Module 4

## Project Description

You've been asked to analyse the area-wide standardised test results. You'll be given access to every student's maths and reading scores, as well as various information on the schools they attend. Your task is to aggregate the data to showcase obvious trends in school performance.

### Instructions
Using Pandas and Jupyter Notebook, create a report that includes the following data. Your report must include a written description of at least two observable trends based on the data.

#### Local Government Area (LGA) Summary
Perform the necessary calculations and then create a high-level snapshot of the local government area's key metrics in a DataFrame.

##### Include the following:

* Total number of unique schools
* Total students
* Total budget
* Average maths score
* Average reading score
* % passing maths (the percentage of students who passed maths)
* % passing reading (the percentage of students who passed reading)
* % overall passing (the percentage of students who passed maths AND reading)

Note: A passing grade is 50 or higher.


#### School Summary
Perform the necessary calculations and then create a DataFrame that summarises key metrics about each school.

##### Include the following:

* School name
* School type
* Total students
* Total school budget
* Per student budget
* Average maths score
* Average reading score
* % passing maths (the percentage of students who passed maths)
* % passing reading (the percentage of students who passed reading)
* % overall passing (the percentage of students who passed maths AND reading)
* Highest-Performing Schools (by % Overall Passing)
* Lowest-Performing Schools (by % Overall Passing)
* Maths Scores by Year
* Reading Scores by Year
* Scores by School Spending
* Scores by School Size
* Scores by School Type

### Dependencies

* Python
* Pandas

### References
Data generated by Mockaroo, (2022). Realistic Data Generator. Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.
